The Date object is a datatype built into the JavaScript language. Date objects 
are created with the new Date() as shown below.
Once a Date object is created, a number of methods allow you to operate on it. 
Most methods simply allow you to get and set the year, month, day, hour, 
minute, second, and millisecond fields of the object, using either local time or 
UTC (universal, or GMT) time.
The ECMAScript standard requires the Date object to be able to represent any 
date and time, to millisecond precision, within 100 million days before or after 
1/1/1970. This is a range of plus or minus 273,785 years, so JavaScript can 
represent date and time till the year 275755.
Syntax
You can use any of the following syntaxes to create a Date object using Date() 
constructor. 
new Date( )
new Date(milliseconds)
new Date(datestring)
new Date(year,month,date[,hour,minute,second,millisecond ])
Note: Parameters in the brackets are always optional.
Here is a description of the parameters:
 No Argument: With no arguments, the Date() constructor creates a Date 
object set to the current date and time.
 milliseconds: When one numeric argument is passed, it is taken as the 
internal numeric representation of the date in milliseconds, as returned by 
the getTime() method. For example, passing the argument 5000 creates a 
date that represents five seconds past midnight on 1/1/70.
 datestring: When one string argument is passed, it is a string 
representation of a date, in the format accepted by the Date.parse()
method.
 7 agruments: To use the last form of the constructor shown above. Here 
is a description of each argument:

o year: Integer value representing the year. For compatibility (in order 
to avoid the Y2K problem), you should always specify the year in full; 
use 1998, rather than 98.
o month: Integer value representing the month, beginning with 0 for 
January to 11 for December.
o date: Integer value representing the day of the month.
o hour: Integer value representing the hour of the day (24-hour scale).
o minute: Integer value representing the minute segment of a time 
reading.
o second: Integer value representing the second segment of a time 
reading.
o millisecond: Integer value representing the millisecond segment of a 
time reading.
Date Properties
Here is a list of the properties of the Date object along with their description.
Property Description
constructor Specifies the function that creates an object's 
prototype.
prototype The prototype property allows you to add properties 
and methods to an object.
In the following sections, we will have a few examples to demonstrate the usage 
of different Date properties.
constructor
Javascript date constructor property returns a reference to the array function 
that created the instance's prototype.
Syntax
Its syntax is as follows: 
date.constructor
